News - Date: 11 January 2016Written by: Kaizer Nengovhela / Viewed: 44856The rural Tshivhase Secondary School has again produced the top Grade 12 pupil in the province. In 2013 Ntsundeni Ndou put the school on the map as the province&rsquo;s best. Now a pupil from Mukumbani village, Fulufhelani Mashapha (18), is the top learner in the province.During the official announcement of the 2015 Grade 12 results at The Ranch Hotel near Polokwane on Wednesday, the MEC for Education, Mr Ishmael Kgetjepe announced that out of the 101 575 learners who wrote matric in Limpopo, only 66 946 have passed. The Limpopo pass rate is 65.9%, the national pass rate is 70.7% and Western Cape is again the best performing province with a pass rate of 84.7%.Thengwe Secondary is the overall best performing school in the province, followed by Mbilwi and Tshivhase Secondary, also from Vhembe. Vhembe is also the top district in the province.Fulufhelani Mashapha, the province&rsquo;s top pupil received three trophies for her achievements. She obtained seven distinctions and passed Mathematics and Natural Science with 100%. She advised other pupils to find successful people as role models. &ldquo;Having role models in life usually helps a person to be able to draw a picture of where he or she wants to be in future,&rdquo; she added.Mashapha is going to study Actuarial Sciences at the University of Cape Town. She said that success only comes after hard work. She, however, encouraged other pupils who had not made it the past year to work very hard and not give up. &ldquo;Your knock-down is not your knock-out,&rdquo; she added.The second placed Hamandishe Mathivha of Mbilwi High said that time management, discipline and hard work were the most important things that had made him achieve good results. He said that his success was due to the grace of God. The support he got from both the teachers and his parents was also imperative for his success, he added.MEC Kgetjepe advised the pupils to study hard, as it is up to an individual to make it or fail in life. He said the scholars should know what they want to achieve in life and should also take decisions that they would not regret later in life. &ldquo;Pupils and teachers had to sweat it out in order to reap the rewards at the end of the year,&rdquo; he added.Bishop Barnabas Lekganyane (left) and Premier Stanley Mathabatha congratulate the top learner in Limpopo, Fulufhedzani Mashapa of Tshivhase Secondary School.The second best learner in the province, Hamandashe Mathivha of Mbilwi High.Limpopo&#39;s top learner, Fulufhedzani &nbsp;Mashapha jumps with joy after the announcement of the matric results.The top three learners of &nbsp;Patrick Ramaano, who passed with flying colours, Rachel Matibe, Mushoni Siebane and Lehlonono Matlonya, received trophies and certificates during the announcement of the matric results.Kaizer Nengovhela started writing stories for Limpopo Mirror more than a decade ago, in 2 000. Prior to that he had a five year stint at Phala-Phala FM as sports presenter. In 2005 Kaizer received an award from the province&#39;s premier as Best Sports Presenter. The same year he was also nominated as Best Sports Reporter by the Makhado Municipality. Kaizer was awarded the Mathatha Tsedu award in 2014.Email: kaizerdo@webmail.co.za