Sport - Date: 01 October 2016 Written by: Frank Mavhungu / Viewed: 780 It will be another busy weekend for the teams affiliated with the National First Division. Five matches will be played at various venues throughout the country tomorrow afternoon and the remaining three will be staged on Sunday. It remains to be seen whether Mthatha Bucks will have the power stop Black Leopards when they meet at the Mthatha Stadium in Mthatha tomorrow. Black Leopards are sharpened to kill after registering a historic 4-0 victory over Milano United at the Thohoyandou Stadium last Saturday. On the other hand, Mthatha Bucks lost 0-1 to Jomo Cosmos at the Fanie du Toit Stadium in Potchefstroom last Sunday. The Thohoyandou outfit will pin their hopes on Mwape Musonda, Siphelele Mkhulise and Ivan Mahangwahaya for goals, while their defenders, Dunga Munganga and Lebohang Mabotja, should ensure that their danger area stays clean. The University of Pretoria will lock horns with Jomo Cosmos at the Tuks Stadium in Pretoria. Amatuks must win the match in order to restore their lost pride after losing 0-3 to Amazulu at the same venue last Saturday. Santos and Stellenbosch FC will meet in their Cape Town derby at the Parow Park Stadium, while Witbank Spurs will lock horns with Royal Eagles at the Harry Gwala Stadium in Pietermaritzburg. Magezi will play against Mbombela United at the Old Peter Mokaba Stadium in Polokwane. Sunday will see Amazulu take on FC Cape Town in Durban and Thanda Royal Zulu will have a date with Real Kings in Richards Bay. The clash between Milano United and Cape Town All Stars will take place at the Athlone Stadium in Cape Town. Leopards’ slender striker, Ivan Mahangwahaya. Leopards’ bulldozer striker, Mwape Musonda.  Frank is a Human Resources Manager at the Department of Public Works in Limpopo. He is the longest serving correspondent of the Mirror, having joined us at the end of 1990.  He mainly writes sports reports and resides at Tsianda Village. In 2004, Frank won the National Castle League Award, an award for the best reporter in the SAB league in South Africa.  Email: