News - Date: 09 October 2016 Written by: Mbulaheni Ridovhona / Viewed: 1675 The Miss Commonwealth South Africa 2016 pageant is on the horizon and Mufunwa Khavhela is one of the finalists hoping to be crowned as one of the winners. On 3 September, the 21-year-old Khavhela, who hails from Thohoyandou, heard that she is one of the finalists in this year’s competition. “I don't think I can describe that feeling (when hearing that I am going through). Truth is, I felt like I could jump to the moon and back, kiss all the judges, roll on the floor and just scream ‘Yay!’,” she said. Khavhela is very enthusiastic about the challenges that lie ahead. “It is important that she (Miss Commonwealth) be strong, grounded and self-motivated. The appearance is also very important; you should carry yourself in a respectable and professional manner, but in all this, she should be unique,” she added. The pageant aims to empower women with the knowledge to bring about change in communities in need. The main focus is the internal and external development of young women in South Africa. “I feel change takes time, as much as I cannot achieve most of the things immediately. I am working on building a foundation of uplifting people that will help reduce unemployment, poverty and the information gap we currently face in the country,” Khavhela said. Ngawethu ka-Siphiwo, Miss Commonwealth SA 2014, is an inspiration to Khavhela. “She is an amazing woman of God who is basically living to change the lives of young ladies in our country. She started an NPO called the Zingce Foundation and is reaching out to the young ladies of Katlehong and helping them in terms of education, self-development and health. She is selfless and continually invests her time in seeing ladies reach their goals and full potential,” she said. The voting lines for Miss Commonwealth are not open yet, but people can follow Khavhela on instagram @funie_k, on Twitter @mufunwakhavhela, or readers can like her Facebook page Mufunwa Khavhela Miss Commonwealth SA finalist 2016. “I will be posting all details on all social media platforms,” she said. The grand finale takes place on 12 November in Gauteng Province. Mufunwa Khavhela: Photo supplied. Mufunwa Khavhela: Photo supplied. Mufunwa Khavhela with Gareth Cliff: Photo supplied.  The 22-year-old Mbulaheni (Gary) Ridovhona has been passionate about journalism to the extent that he would buy himself a copy of weekly Univen students' newsletter, Our Voice. After reading, he would write stories about his rural village, Mamvuka, and submit them to the very newsletter for publication. His deep-rooted love for words and writing saw him register for a Bachelor of Arts in Media Studies at the University of Venda, and joined the Limpopo Mirror team in February 2016 as a journalism intern.  Email: