News - Date: 14 October 2016Written by: Elmon Tshikhudo / Viewed: 2305The police in Limpopo have launched a massive manhunt for a suspect, following the killing of a student of the University of Venda, Refilwe Makoma Masinamela (25).She hailed from Mapaana village near Kgapane Township in the Bolobedu policing area outside Tzaneen and was last seen alive on Monday, 3 October. Her body was found two days later (Wednesday) when the police were alerted and made the grisly find in a house on the Tshilidzini hospital premises. Her body was found with multiple stab wounds.It is not clear what&nbsp;the&nbsp;motive for&nbsp;the killing could be, but according to the police it is suspected to be related to domestic violence.The police are looking for a local medical doctor attached to Tshilidzini Hospital, Dr Ndivhuwo Mudau from Luvhimbi Village. A spokesperson for the Thohoyandou police has&nbsp;requested anyone who knows&nbsp;the whereabouts of&nbsp;Doctor Mudau to ask him to go to the nearest police station as he may be able to assist the police in the investigation.Anyone with information regarding the incident or the whereabouts of Dr Mudau&nbsp;can phone the Thohoyandou Police on 082 451 7217,&nbsp; the nearest police station or the crime stop number 0860 010 111.This murder follows on the heels of yet another gruesome incident&nbsp;at the nearby Khubvi village outside Thohoyandou, where a 41-year-old man allegedly stabbed his 31-year-old wife a fortnight ago. The man, a citizen from Mozambique, has already appeared in court.The killings received widespread condemnation from structures and individuals in the Vhembe area. One of those who raised their voices against the killings is Mr Bardwell Mufunwaini of the Munna Ndi Nnyi Men&#39;s Forum. &quot;This is going too far. Day in and day out we hear of abuse&nbsp;of&nbsp;women and children&nbsp;who are attacked for no reason. We must all stand up as men and condemn this in the strongest terms. We must isolate men who kill women. Men are supposed to protect their families, but they are now monsters prowling on women and children,&quot; he said.SAPS Elmon Tshikhudo started off as a photographer. He developed an interest in writing and started submitting articles to local as well as national publications. He became part of the Limpopo Mirror family in 2005 and has since been a familiar name among the newspaper&#39;s readers.Email: