News - Date: 10 October 2016 Written by: Ndivhuwo Musetha / Viewed: 1536 A well-known academic, Dr Johannes Gogome Tshifularo, was given a big send-off by his children when he retired reccently. Tshifularo, who is also a traditional leader for Tshikombani village in Nzhelele, retired from his position as a deputy chief education specialist in Vhembe last Friday, after service in the department for 39 years. Tshifularo (66), better known as JG, was given a farewell and thanksgiving party by his children during an event at Porche-Villa Lodge in Muledane. According to his daughter, Vhutshilo Vhutshilo Nesengani, the event also included thanksgiving to Tshifularo's wife, Masala, to show appreciation for the role their parents played in raising them. "Our parents did a lot of work in raising us. We are all well-educated and working with our families.” Mrs Masala Tshifularo (62) retired from her position as head of department at Tshishonga Primary, Golgotha, on 31 August. As an indication that JG touched many people's lives, the farewell was attend by the who's who in education, some even coming from as far as North West University, where Dr Tshifularu is serving as deputy chairperson of council, member of the HR council, remuneration committee member, member of the senate council and member of the student committee. Tshifularu, who also acted as principal for the Vhembe FET for seven years, said he was humbled by the honour shown by his children. During the event, speaker after speaker hailed Tshifularo for his humbleness and humility, which had won him friends wherever he went. This is besides his achievements in life, where he held senior positions in education, traditional leadership and having a doctorate in psychology. Asked about his youthful looks, despite his age, Tshifularo said he never drank alcohol and he never smoked in his entire life. "I also eat according to my blood group. I totally don't like sweet things like sweets and my favourite drink is always natural water," he revealed.  Dr Gogome Tshifularo and his wife Masala.  Dr Gogome Tshifularo's family celebrated his farewell and thanksgiving ceremony at the Porche-Villa Lodge in Muledane on Saturday.  Email: