Entertainment - Date: 10 October 2016 Written by: Tshifhiwa Mukwevho / Viewed: 1594 Music An actress, singer, songwriter, and rapper, Fiesta Black, aka FB or The Rain Queen, made history about a month ago with the release of a new anthem, Xigubu. Now she has just issued her comeback single, Giya, and it marks a milestone of her long-awaited return. The song is upbeat and has catchy lyrics. “Giya is a song that many people will love and enjoy,” she said. “We have worked on this song for a long time and have poured all our strength and energy into the making of Giya.” She describes herself as a cheerful person. She finds it important to put her family first before anything else and takes as much time as she needs to relax. Establishing herself in the music industry has not been easy and so she advises others to not give up. “When it’s time for you to shine, then you will shine,” she enthused. “When Jesus says yes, nobody can say no. In order to survive in this industry, you have to develop a tough skin and not let people bring you down.” Fiesta Black was born at Dikgale village and grew up in Soweto, Gauteng. She knew from a very young age that she wanted to be a professional recording artist. She tried out every major audition possible in South Africa, such as Pop Stars, Idols and SA's Got Talent. “Even though I didn't make it far in any of the competitions, I always knew that I was going to be a star,” she said. She started organising events at clubs and performing professionally, switching genres from hip-hop to dance. It wasn’t long before her performances started attracting the right attention in the industry. She started working with industry stalwarts such as DJ Mbuso, Jerah, Iggy Smalls, Chris J, Revolution DJs, Denim, and DJ Qness. She also worked with international names such as Byron Kino. Through guitarist extrodinaire Jerah, Fiesta Back had met producer and music maestro Tibi of Blackjack’s Cina fame and recorded her first dance demo. The demo was heard by DJ Ganyani, who immediately wanted to collaborate on a song. The end result was the house banger Xigubu. “Giya is receiving massive airplay on radio, in the streets and pubs,” she said. “It's a song for us to rise and dance. Dancing is an expression of joy and happiness.”    Fiesta Black. Fiesta Black.  Tshifhiwa Given Mukwevho was born in 1984 in Madombidzha village, not far from Louis Trichardt in the Limpopo Province. After submitting articles for roughly a year for Limpopo Mirror's youth supplement, Makoya, he started writing for the main newspaper. He is a prolific writer who published his first book, titled A Traumatic Revenge in 2011. It focusses on life on the street and how to survive amidst poverty. His second book titled The Violent Gestures of Life was published in 2014.  Email: givenmukwevho@yahoo.com