News - Date: 10 October 2016 Written by: Silas Nduvheni / Viewed: 1973 In what is believed to be a commitment to providing better service delivery to communities, the newly elected executive mayor of the Vhembe District Municipality, Cllr Florence Radzilani, recently launched her “next 100 days” with the promise that she and her team are commited to working very hard in office. “In the next 100 days, the municipal infrastructure grant expenditure will be improved by 60% and our overall target is that no cent should be taken back to the Department of Treasury as a result of non-spending. The principle of consequence management will be applied to those who will be performing below target,” promised Radzilani. According to her, in the next three months, she and the team will improve the maintenance of boreholes and schemes and funds allocated for maintenance of boreholes and water schemes will be utilized. The Department of Technical Services must develop a plan for all boreholes and water schemes that need maintenance, within the next five days, she added. She addressed the media during a meeting two weeks ago on her commitment to better service delivery. She said she was worried when she noticed that the municipality she had recently joined was depending on grants from the national department of the treasury. She mentioned that the fact that they were depending on grants was the reason why the district municipality could not implement projects, apart from those that were funded by the treasury. “In the next 100 days, councillors must go back to the communities who voted us into office and explain about the importance of paying for services. I urge councillors to lead by example by being the first to pay for municipal services. We must also engage with communities to get their views on how we can improve service delivery and promote a sound relationship with them,” added Radzilani. She also added that the filling of vacant posts in the senior management was expected to be finalised before the end of December. The portfolio head of finance in the Vhembe District Municipality, Cllr Rudzani Ludere, and Executive Mayor Florence Radzilani, photographed after the media briefing. Executive Mayor of Vhembe District Municipality Cllr Florence Radzilani raised her hands in promising better services.  Email: