Sport - Date: 02 October 2016 Written by: Kaizer Nengovhela / Viewed: 878 Majosi Embassy were crowned champions of the James Rasimphi Summer Games when they beat Gonono FC 3-1 in a well-attended match at the Ha-Masia grounds on Saturday. Embassy started the game like a house on fire. That forced Gonono to play the first 20 minutes of the game with their backs against the wall. A corner kick in the 22nd minute resulted in a scramble within the box, and Madyisa  Ndou scored the only goal for Gonono with a beautiful shot. A defender of Gonono handled the ball outside the penalty area eight minutes later. Happy Manganyi scored from the spot to equalise. The players of Gonono were not happy with the referee’s decision to award Gonono a free kick. One of them, Khumbudzo Mabidi, was reprimanded with a card after a continued argument with the referee. Embassy replaced Matimba Mashele with Mihleketo Ndlovu early in the second half. Gonono then sacrificed Election Chavalala for Agreement Maluleke. Matimba Nkuna forced his way through the defence of Gonono and beat the keeper with a volley to bring the score to 2-1 in the 67th minute. Gonono continued to play entertaining football and were denied what was arguably a legitimate goal in the 70th minute. Given Baloyi’s goal was disallowed on the basis that the scorer was in an offside position. Mihleketo Ndlovu scored the third goal for Embassy from a free kick five minutes before full time. The champions, Embassy, went home with R4 000, new soccer kit and gold medals. Gonono received R2 000, silver medals and a new soccer kit. Mashamba Benfica (3rd) received R1 500, a new soccer kit and bronze medals and Holofan FC (4th) collected R1 000, a ball and new soccer kit. Mashudu Rasimphi, Matimba Nkuna (capatin of Embassy), Abby Rasimphi and Nkhangweleni Makhosani, photographed during the prize-giving ceremony. Electon Chabalala and Junior Mabasa attack the ball. Given Baloyi of Gonono beats Lesney Mathembani.  Kaizer Nengovhela started writing stories for Limpopo Mirror more than a decade ago, in 2 000. Prior to that he had a five year stint at Phala-Phala FM as sports presenter. In 2005 Kaizer received an award from the province's premier as Best Sports Presenter. The same year he was also nominated as Best Sports Reporter by the Makhado Municipality. Kaizer was awarded the Mathatha Tsedu award in 2014.  Email: kaizerdo@webmail.co.za