Sport - Date: 01 October 2016 Written by: Frank Mavhungu / Viewed: 735 The Makwarela Stadium will be a hive of on Saturday. Three preliminary-round matches for the Nedbank Cup will be staged there. The programme for the day will commence with a match between the ABC Motsepe League rookies, Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM), and Madridtas FC. The match will start at 09:00. It will be the second time within three weeks that TTM and Madridtas will test each other’s strength. They played to a 1-1 draw at the Tshifudi Stadium in their opening league match. Joe Maweja and Polokwane United will meet at 11:00. The winners of the two matches will meet in the group final at 15:00. The other matches will be staged at the Nkowankowa Stadium in Tzaneen. Giyani Hotspurs and Boyne Young Tigers will be the first to enter the field of play at 09:00. The second match will be between Gawula Classic and Bellevue Winners Park. The other group matches will be staged at the Ephraim Mohale Stadium in Modimolle. The Dolphins will rub shoulders with Lephalale Young Killers at 09:00. Mokopane Ratanang will meet A1 Terrors at 11:00. Just like in the other two groups, the winners in the two matches will meet in the final later in the afternoon. The last group matches will be staged at the Polokwane Rugby Stadium on Sunday. Molemole Academy will take on Mighty FC in the opening match, while Polokwane Academy and Great North FC will follow at 11:00. Star players to watch in the weekend's matches include: Takalani “Sticker” Ramagalela and Khongotela Mahlaule of Joe Maweja, Solomon Noko and Dakalo “Akonkwo” Nemakonde of Madridtas and Khathutshelo Mudau and Lufuno “CJ” Mugodi of TTM. TTM’s overlapping defender, Mulisa Luvhengo. Maweja’s midfielder, Takalani “Sticker” Ramagalela. Madridtas fast forward, Dakalo “Akonkwo” Nemakonde.  Frank is a Human Resources Manager at the Department of Public Works in Limpopo. He is the longest serving correspondent of the Mirror, having joined us at the end of 1990.  He mainly writes sports reports and resides at Tsianda Village. In 2004, Frank won the National Castle League Award, an award for the best reporter in the SAB league in South Africa.  Email: