News - Date: 10 October 2016 Written by: Elmon Tshikhudo / Viewed: 1423 Tshidumbi Senior Primary School at Shayandima is one of the best-performing schools in the area and has produced many professionals who are in leading positions in government and private sector. Its close proximity to the town of Thohoyandou was supposed to mean that the school would have good facilities, but this is not the case. At this school, the pupils and educators share toilets as they do not have enough toilets. To ease the situation, the school recently hosted a beauty contest to raise funds. The organizer of the event, Ms Lufuno Gloria Mushingwa, said that they had decided to do something themselves and not to wait for the government to build them toilets. “The situation had become embarrassing for us.  Our school is no longer safe as there is no fence and people could just enter at any part of the school and we also need to erect a fence,” she said. Mushingwa indicated that the contest also aimed to encourage learners to be neat all the time from an early age. “Apart from encouraging neatness, we also teach them to be responsible people in all spheres of life. We managed to raise some money, but the amount is not enough and we appealing to Good Samaritans to could come and assist us in rebuilding the infrastructure at our school,” added Mushingwa. The principal, Mr Thifhatelwi Munzhedzi, thanked all who supported the initiative and urged them to continue supporting the school. Sixteen girls participated in the contest and Lungile Moba was chosen as Miss Tshidumbi 2016. Tshepiso Singo was the first princess and Mukovhe Maphangwa the second princess. The winners are, from left to right, Mukovhe Maphangwa (2nd princess), queen Lungile Moba and 1st princess Mukovhe Maphangwa.  Elmon Tshikhudo started off as a photographer. He developed an interest in writing and started submitting articles to local as well as national publications. He became part of the Limpopo Mirror family in 2005 and has since been a familiar name among the newspaper's readers.  Email: